You'll find others guys like me
There will be plenty of guys for you
Your brown curls evaporate
In my soul, in my body
I'm looking for you in my dreams
I track you in my dreams
At dawn or in my wandering shadow vein on your lips
Scouring the abysses of my heart
Scarlet you are only the fixed point of my disparate dreams
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
I see people running naked
I see people smiling at me
But I hover in the street
In your eyes, in the rain
And I remain the spirit of your distant memories
In my buried dreams, your tears, your laughter
You are my iconic woman
You are my sapphire ruby
I am your lyrical rose
I am these people who admire you
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
For days, fleeing the night I go through your skin
I travel the city
The smoke coming out of your mouth, file, escapes from days to days
When I wake up in the night
I am alone under my vices
I love you when it's raining, you're the nymph of my wishes
I kiss you in my dreams and I love you at the end of your lips
I hate the cutesy taste of their mouths, their dreams
In the night you look at me
Under the clouds I wander
With you I am king
I am king, I am king, I am king
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
I am a boy of the night
I drop the girls
I only like your fishnet stockings
Who in my thoughts sizzle
I am a boy of the night
I drop the girls
I only like your fishnet stockings
Who in my thoughts sizzle
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
Love me in the snow
Love me under the sun
Love my beige skin
In the vermilion flowers
OUTRO